Updating docs to match updated sample code (#4506)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/dotnet/nexus/feature-guide.mdx

You can also use Signal-With-Start or Update-With-Start to ensure the Workflow is started and send it a Signal or Update.
All calls must complete within the [Nexus request timeout](/cloud/limits#nexus-operation-request-timeout). Updates should be short-lived to stay within this deadline.

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/src/NexusMessaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/main/src/NexusMessaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries:
```

> Use NexusOperationExecutionContext (as shown below)  to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the workflow ID is derived from the client ID, with the method "WorkflowIdForUser" converting a given client ID (in this case, the client is passing in a user ID) to generate a workflow ID from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `NexusOperationExecutionContext`, like below, to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the Workflow Id is derived from the client Id using the `WorkflowIdForUser` method. This converts a given client Id (in this case, the client is passing in a user Id) to generate a Workflow Id from it.
```

> This way the client only needs to know about the identifier they care about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the client only needs the identifier it cares about.
```

[NexusMessaging/CallerPattern/Handler/NexusGreetingService.cs](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/main/src/NexusMessaging/CallerPattern/Handler/NexusGreetingService.cs)

```csharp
private static string WorkflowIdForUser(string userId) => $"GreetingWorkflow_for_{userId}";

[NexusOperationHandler]
public IOperationHandler<INexusGreetingService.GetLanguagesInput, INexusGreetingService.GetLanguagesOutput> GetLanguages() =>
    OperationHandler.Sync<INexusGreetingService.GetLanguagesInput, INexusGreetingService.GetLanguagesOutput>(
        async (ctx, input) =>
        {
            // Access the Temporal client from the Nexus operation context
            var client = NexusOperationExecutionContext.Current.TemporalClient;
            var handle = client.GetWorkflowHandle<GreetingWorkflow>(WorkflowIdForUser(input.UserId));
            return await handle.QueryAsync(wf => wf.QueryLanguages(input.IncludeUnsupported));
        });
    ...
```

> There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/src/NexusMessaging/CallerPattern/) and [on demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/src/NexusMessaging/OnDemandPattern/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code: the [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/src/NexusMessaging/CallerPattern/) and the [on-demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-dotnet/tree/src/NexusMessaging/OnDemandPattern/).
```

> Caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing workflow, while the on demand pattern shows how to start a workflow through Nexus and then send signals to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing Workflow, while the on-demand pattern shows how to start a Workflow through Nexus and then send Signals to it.
```

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
